Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Are Declarations of Love Genuine?
Snooze
Alarm
Morning...
Please be my girlfriend.
I'm sober now, and it's as vivid as ever.
I've got to go to work.
Ache
Ow!
Ow, ow!
Ache
Ow, ow...
Ow, ow, ow...
What's going on? I'm sore all over.
Ow.
Ow
Ow, ow.
Ow, ow
Ow, ow, ow!
Is this from all that tension yesterday?
I'm the woman whose muscles ache
when she gets asked out.
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
It's pathetic enough to make you cry.
I wonder what Ohara-kun thought.
Looks like he's off today.
What a relief.
Good morning, Komiya-san.
Good morning. Sure is hot.
Whoa, look.
Shinshi-san?!
H-He dyed his hair blond?!
What possessed him to do that?
I can't let things stay like this.
Ohara-kun
Voice call
I keep asking myself why I went and did that.
I want to do yesterday over again.
I bet I could reload if this was a game.
S-Stop that, Kama.
It must be because I haven't
spent enough time around women.
I lost my mind.
Sounds like a junior-high excuse, though.
No, wait.
It could be Honjoji-san was
planning to give me an answer.
Yeah, she's a quiet person. Thirty minutes
of silence might be business as usual!
Did I leave too soon?
No, there's no way.
This is me trying to twist things around.
Wh-Who's there?!
Ohara-kun, I'm sorry about last night!
I'd like to go out with you!
No, no! That's not going to happen!
Who is it?
Hi there, Ohara-san!
Gonda... What do you want?
Sorry to bug you on your day off.
I need to talk with you
about something, Master.
Gonda.
Give up on Komiya-san.
Office romances are a terrible idea.
Master, you're not doing so hot.
I told you, I'm not your master.
I don't understand romance or women at all.
I'm the one who needs some coaching!
It's not about Komiya-chan today.
It's about an app!
An app?
Right, a dating app!
I've gotten into this lately!
At first I thought these things
were worthless junk.
Age 22 Chiba
Age 20 Chiba
Age 26 Saitama
Age 19 Tokyo
But, oh, the encounters you can have!
A woman's heart? I know all about that now!
I know all about it!
All about it! All about it!
Y-You serious?
What? You doubt me?
Want to join me, then, Master?
Today, I'm meeting up with someone
from the app. You should come along!
I do know all about it, but I'm a little
insecure about meeting up with a woman.
Huh?
What?!
G-Gonda, that's you?!
Nice pic, huh?
I've spent sixty thousand on this dating app!
Sixty thousand?!
These apps cost that much?
That's a typical amount.
Everyone's going all-in on apps right now,
so it costs that much to get in the door!
Everyone at work who got married
recently got started with an app.
Like Yoshimura-san at the
head office and Imai-san!
Oh, they did?
Yes, they just don't mention it.
I think it'd be fine if they did, though.
So many people use them.
The era of drinking parties
and mixers is behind us.
Oh yeah?
Oh, but don't you have your
sights set on Komiya-san?
You bet.
But that's like a dream.
I'm not getting any closer to being with her,
but I'm getting older all the time.
The one and only asset I have is youth!
I don't look like much,
and I don't get paid much.
No one's eager to marry a guy like me.
I want to find a companion
while I'm young at least.
So, why am I here with you?
Because, Master, I'm in a bad slump.
At first I tried contacting cutie after cutie,
but they didn't give me the time of day.
Then, when I tried sticking
to my own league...
¥5
I can see spirits. It's true.
Almost all of those women were kinda scary.
I've lost all my confidence.
What happened to all that energy you had?
Here's where I'm at now.
Say what
You're wearing that on a date?
Oh, it's not a date today.
Say what you will
This is a happi coat for an idol
group called Ambitious Seven.
I'm a huge fan.
There are communities on the dating app.
I met this oddball girl who's an Am7 fan,
Communities
Community List
Display
Western music
Idols
Anime
Comedy
What the heck?
and we ended up geeking out over them.
Then we decided to do an offline Am7 thing,
and this happi coat is so she'll recognize me.
That's something you do on a dating app?
Age 28 Tokyo
I adore Mikki from Am7.
I'm looking for someone
who'll talk with me about her.
She's older than me, and sometimes
idol otaku can be unhinged.
Master, if she seems dangerous,
get me out of there.
That's what I'm doing here?!
Mikki
Ambitious
Seven
That's what modern romance looks like?
Well, I'm no different from Gonda.
My salary's low, and I'm not attractive.
And youth won't last forever.
I'm not the sort one wants to marry.
Come on, let's go!
Mikki fan
I've got something to say!
Mikki sure is the cutest!
I finally found you, Princess!
Mikki! Mikki!
10^40! 10^44! 10^48! 10^52!
10^56! 10^60! 10^64! 10^68!
Mikki's so cute!
Pardon my sauce
Kaori!
Gon-chan?!
Anyone who can keep up
with the Mikki Mix on demand
is one cringey Mikki fan.
Well, that's how it goes.
Am7 Mikki fans are weirdos.
Kaori!
You don't look anything
like your profile image!
Age 28 Tokyo
I adore Mikki from Am7.
I'm looking for someone
who'll talk with me about her.
Oh, that?
Apps can be scary and all.
You can't go revealing everything up front.
But I couldn't help wanting to
talk Am7 with you, so here I am.
Th-Thank you for that.
Aw, stop talking like that.
Just talk like you do in the community.
We already know each other's true nature.
Th-That's true.
I'm going home.
Ambitious Seven
Wow, these outfits!
This takes me back! Let's get photos!
I love how Mikki's the only one with a ribbon!
So cute!
She didn't have this ribbon at first.
No way, she always had it.
Nope, she added it later.
I saw all their live shows from
that era, so I know all about it.
You didn't see them all, did you?
But I had to work!
Now you see I'm the bigger fan?
Don't let it go to your head, Gon.
One! Ten! Hundred! Thousand! Ten thousand!
10^8! 10^12! 10^16! 10^20!
10^24! 10^28! 10^32! 10^36!
10^40! 10^44! 10^48! 10^52!
10^56! 10^60! 10^64! 10^68!
Mikki's so cute!
What, it's this late already?
Wow, we were talking forever.
It's kinda like being back in school.
But I've got somewhere to go
after this. Sorry.
Oh, okay. That's cool.
Maybe if you have time again...
Hey, Gon-chan.
Let's talk over the phone tonight.
Huh?!
I want to talk more with you about Am7.
Okay, sure.
Really? Okay, I'll give you my number.
It's okay if I call?
It's fine. I've got time starting
at about 10 PM every night.
Oh wait, I never paid for the karaoke.
Don't worry about it.
No, I insist.
Apps are amazing.
I've never had this much fun.
Talk to you tonight.
Totally. Apps are amazing.
Thanks for coming to our show!
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Looks like Honjoji-san's off today.
Master, get a load of this.
I talked with Kaori
on the phone again yesterday.
That's three days in a row!
We talk so much together!
It feels like we've been friends for years!
Never would have happened
if we'd met normally!
Apps are the best!
Good for you.
Suddenly, Gonda's got a fulfilling life?
Master.
I'm going to do it. I've decided!
I'm going to marry Kaori!
Huh?
Bar and Grill Tonton
What do you think, Master?
I'm not sure how to answer.
Why are we hanging out so much?
Don't you think you're a little hasty?
You still don't know what
kind of person she is.
Oh yes, I do!
I want to tell him not to rush into this.
But I rushed into it myself,
so what right do I have?
Marry me, Kaori!
Maybe I should be less direct than that.
I'm not really sure, but wow, that energy.
Hey, Gonda.
Why do you want to get married so badly?
Mengyomen Ramen
Open
Is it weird to want to get married?
Well, not many people around me do.
You know, I was poor when I was a kid.
Oh, please don't tell Keisuke-san about this.
He'll turn anything into a joke.
S-Sure.
My father was a little problematic.
He was in loads of debt, and
all my parents did was fight.
My big brother and I were close, though.
I don't have many good childhood memories.
Full-Color Field Guide
to Japanese Fungi
I ate lots of ramen and such
back then, and now I love it.
You eat too much.
I was a big dummy who was no good at school,
but thankfully I managed to land a job.
My brother works for the government.
Not bad, huh?
I guess that's why I yearn for
a proper home life or something.
It doesn't have to be anything special,
but I want to marry someone I love,
be blessed with some cute kids,
and enjoy life.
I have a feeling I could do that with Kaori.
Having kids would be great.
I'd be such a loving father.
You have some romantic ideas,
which surprises me.
I said it because it's you, Master!
It must sound gross, coming
from a guy who looks like me.
Yeah, I could never hope to...
Give it a shot, Gonda.
I've got your back.
Oh yeah, you bet.
I'm gonna do it.
Gon-chan, what's up?
Kaori, could we meet up now?
Tonight? Sorry, weekdays are no good for me.
Please! The sooner the better.
Well, okay, if it's quick.
Thanks for waiting, Gon-chan.
What's wrong?
Kaori, let's date and eventually get married!
Do you mean that?
Of course I do! Of course.
Gon-chan, come with me.
Oh, Ema-san. Hello.
Sorry I'm a little late.
Mok-kun, look who's here for you.
Tokyo Certified
Day Care
Takenoko Kids
Certified Day Care
Working while raising a child isn't easy.
Gon-chan, you still mean it?
Because I'm a single mother.
It's okay, don't force yourself.
See ya, Gon-chan.
Deep Sea Bar
Single mother?
It doesn't bother me at all.
I-I might have panicked for a moment, though.
So, what'll you do?
What'll I do? Well...
I've got to talk to Kaori again.
Bank
Deposits made via other firms are listed
in the description box, and the date on
which they are payable is displayed on
the corresponding line.
Furthermore, the exact time a deposit
is payable varies depending on the type
of firm involved. Please ask a teller for
details.
I can afford to support a child.
Gonda-san.
You seem kind of down today.
N-Nothing's wrong.
No? Okay.
See ya
Today
Kaori, sorry about the other day!
I'd like you to hear me out
one more time.
I'm waiting at the restaurant where
we looked at pics together!!
You can get drinks over there.
Sure, thanks.
Overall Account Bankbook
Gonda Hiromi
Kaori sure was affectionate with her kid.
What look did I have on my face back then?
Kaori...
Gon-chan?
Y-Yes.
You look just like she described you.
I'm Ichika, a friend of Kaori's.
Her friend?
Right. She and I use the same day care.
And so, Kaori said she couldn't come today.
I'm sorry.
I have a message from her.
She said, "Don't worry about it."
She also said, "Thank you."
Does she not like me anymore?
Huh?
I'm not really sure.
Were the two of you dating?
No, it wasn't like that. Uh...
But listen, Gon-chan.
It's a big decision, letting
someone meet your kid.
I'd use my kid to scare away
a guy who won't take a hint,
but Kaori's not that sort of person.
Overall Account Bankbook
Gonda Hiromi
Sorry, Gon-chan.
I guess it's not my place to say.
Master, I'm going to stop talking
about marriage and stuff.
When it comes to marriage, I was all talk.
I wasn't ready at all.
I doubt anyone can be ready for that stuff.
Kaori had faith in me, and I flinched.
I really regret it.
I went and hurt Kaori's feelings.
I'm the worst!
No, Gonda. You're amazing.
Truly amazing.
Have I ever taken Honjoji-san
into consideration this much?
Enough to move me to tears?
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Write a comment